README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Mohamed Hendawy</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate Machine learning engineer</h3>

- 🔭 I’m currently working as **ML & Software Engineer**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [https://github.com/Mohamedhendawy312?tab=repositories](https://github.com/Mohamedhendawy312?tab=repositories)

- 📫 How to reach me **mohamedhendawy312@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamedhendawy312/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamedhendawy312/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

Commit message:

Update profile README with new design

README.md, after:

# Hey, I'm Mohamed 👋

### About

I'm a **Computer Vision Engineer** focused on building ML systems that run in the real world—robotics, autonomous applications, real-time perception. I care about making models work on hardware, not just in notebooks.

My background is in Mechatronics, which is why I naturally gravitate toward problems where software meets hardware. Currently diving deeper into NLP as my next challenge.

---

### Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white) ![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=flat&logo=opencv&logoColor=white) ![YOLO](https://img.shields.io/badge/YOLO-00FFFF?style=flat&logoColor=black) ![ROS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ROS-22314E?style=flat&logo=ros&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=flat&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

---

### Projects

| Project | What it does |
|---------|--------------|
| [augmentlens](https://github.com/Mohamedhendawy312/augmentlens) | Library to visualize augmentation pipelines |
| [vehicle-speed-estimation](https://github.com/Mohamedhendawy312/vehicle-speed-estimation) | Vehicle speed estimation using YOLO + ByteTrack |
| [MNIST-Digit-Recognition](https://github.com/Mohamedhendawy312/MNIST-Handwritten-Digit-Recognition) | PyTorch CNN, 99.37% accuracy |

---

### Connect

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamedhendawy312/) [![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mohamedhendawy312@gmail.com)

Happy to chat about CV, robotics, or interesting project ideas.
